How does one man, this man builds so
many features so fast? He's got these
kids to take care of. He does the
laundry, he does the cleaning. Let me
show you his latest feature. [laughter]
Uh, this is an audience affinity
overtime chart for visitors to Balsamic.
So, it shows you, you know, people who
visit Balsamic. Now, they're also
visiting mockups and Mach Flow and Mach
Plus and the product manager and all
these websites, which is great. But
let's say you wanted to compare the
current results to a previous quarter, a
particular previous quarter, like gosh,
I really want to see it versus uh Q4 of
2023.
Casey built this into the product. You
can now see the the affinity change from
the current time frame to uh the past
time frame of your choice. We have
quarterly data going all the way back to
Q3 2023. You can compare year-over-year
if you'd like. When you export this uh
in the CSV format, it will also be
included there. So now you don't have to
click and stare at the graph and go,
okay, it was 23 here and 23 there, 20
there. You can see it cleanly right in
the chart. And this enables a lot of
folks who maybe wanted to show data from
a particular time frame to do exactly
that. Great work to Casey. Very proud of
you, buddy. All the thumbs up are
deserved.